we're here with Acer at CES 2024 to
check out just a whole whack of laptops
and even a monitor we're just going to
throw them all straight at your face
just like this laptop right here is
throwing 3D stuff straight at my face it
is so cool this is the Aspire 3d5
spatial Labs Edition we did see spatial
Labs stuff last year but it had a couple
of problems the main one being uh even
if you wanted it the laptop started at
like 4 grand you probably were not going
to be getting it well now this thing
here starts at
$13.99 and the amount that it has
improved over last year is incredible
cuz like I'm currently enjoying watching
this and the even more impressive part
is that this right here is not a 3D
video so we can just exit out of this
I've just opened up crab Brave and by
hitting alt G it does some AI magic and
just turns it into a 3D image now this
isn't new for this year per se but
they've been training the AI models for
the past year and the Improvement is
incredible because like this scene right
here is really great where like this
Palm actually looks like it's way out in
front of all of the crabs like the fact
that they were able to do this on the
fly in real time and turn it into 3D of
this quality I am quite impressed now of
course if you do have a 3D model or a 3D
program it works really great and that
as it did before but I am just so
impressed at the Improvement in this cuz
if I am honest when I looked at these
last year they just kind of made me sick
and this is not doing that I am actually
quite stoked at how much better this is
especially for how much cheaper it is
for those of you that don't remember
from CES last year and fair enough this
spatial Labs technology works so that
you don't have to use glasses by having
a 4K panel but when you enable 3D it
splits it and halves the resolution
horizontally so half of those pixels are
being sent to to your left eye and half
are being sent to the right it is doing
that by aiming them through a lenticular
lens and it is tracking where exactly
your eyes are using cameras right here
to make sure that like this tree and
stuff are going correctly into this eye
and this eye to give you that depth of
field and it's actually really quite
neat just how well they've done it as
for the computer itself we can see we
have 3.5m headphone jack type A on the
other side wow there's actually a lot of
I/O on this Thunderbolt 4 two more type
A's HDMI and a fullsize ethernet port
dang and on the inside you get up to an
i7
13620 H 32 GB of RAM and a
57w battery now if we give this a little
bit of a push test it's not bad it's not
bad I've seen better I have definitely
seen worse and the keyboard and trackpad
are both pretty okay for the price
point I would say say that they're not
going to hinder you you will be able to
get up to full speed and the trackpad is
decent enough but they aren't like
standouts like this display is what is a
real standout though is this Aspire go
14 this is the Acer Aspire go 14 there
is also a 15in version and I am amazed
that they were able to get a laptop of
this quality down to
$250 starting price like if we looked at
this here we we can give it a bit of a
bit of a push it's you know it's not the
best built laptop in the world and we do
not expect that at all but holy crap
compared to the other $250 just pieces
of actual e-waist that I have seen
before this is actually incredible so
the standouts here first of all 14-in 16
by10 display starting at
$250 processor nothing incredible we
have is an Intel n100 that's four cores
four threads and a 6 wat TDP so it's not
going to be too quick but given that
laptops at this price point in the past
have had like two core seller on it's
going to be a whole world of difference
like you are not going to be doing fluid
simulations on this thing but you will
be able to watch YouTube videos at full
resolution and not have it be slow the
keyboard also is just perfectly
functional there's nothing wrong about
it which is quite shocking given just
how inexpensive this thing is I'm used
to key caps at this price point being
just smaller than a normal size key caps
they'll cheap out in that way and like
if we look at this the key stability I
have seen ,000 laptops or in the case of
Razer $2,500 laptops that have worse
Keys than this thanks to be quiet for
sponsoring a CES 2024 coverage if you're
shopping for your next PC build or just
new components in general make sure to
check out be quiet their premium
products include PC cases power supplies
Water and Air Cooling and fans for
desktop PCS with roots in Germany
they've been in the industry for more
than 20 years and specialize in making
high quality parts that are nearly
inaudible this year at CES they're
showcasing their new white PC case as
white fans and even white hard drive
cages step into the world of Silent
Computing with be quiet at the link down
below one thing isn't sure about is just
how upgradeable this thing is and one
thing that's unfortunate is that at that
$250 price point you are only getting 4
GB of RAM so let's see if you can change
that and after 10 Phillips head screws I
can say unfortunately you cannot the ram
is soldered down right here so you will
have to shill out for something like the
8 GB of RAM model we've done a little
bit more digging and it appears that the
storage that comes with it is also
soldered down which is a little little
bit strange so there's flash on here
somewhere I guess on the other side of
the board but fortunately you can
upgrade it right here so we have a Gen 4
SSD slot and I would strongly recommend
looking to upgrade that pretty soon
after you get one of these also in here
we have a 53w hour battery and given
this CPU only draws 6 wats I imagine
that you're going to be able to get
pretty decent battery life out of this
thing final thing in here Wi-Fi card
that is a aable nice moving back to it
assembled the I/O that we have is 3.5 mm
headphone jack fullsize USB type A or on
the other side another fullsize USB type
a HDMI and USB type c up next we have
the Swift go 14 and this is sort of a
choose how good it is kind of laptop you
can have the $750 version which is going
to be not particularly fast comes with a
1200 piece 60 HZ panel that's only got
srgb coverage or you can go all the way
up to a 90 HZ 2.8k overed panel that
looks just absolutely fantastic those
viewing angles are very good is it touch
a darn it's not touch this comes with up
to 32 GB of memory and AER are really
proud about their media touchpads so if
we swipe across this now we have our
volume controls pause play in the center
we can go forwards backwards mute all
the stuff that you know you have hard
buttons for up here uh I don't really
know how useful this is but at the same
time it's it's neat it's neat I'll give
them that with the Swift go Acer are
continuing their trend of just having
fantastic iio on their laptops this has
a Micro SD card reader 3.5 mm headphone
microphone combo Jack fulls sizee USB
type A or on the other side two
Thunderbolt fors HDMI 2.1 and another
USB type A so you can just plug all the
things into this it's actually really
sick the keyboard on the Swift go1 14 is
pretty decent I would give it maybe a B+
same sort of thing I don't hate it but
at the same time there's nothing
particularly special about it although
if we go over to the Swift go 16 it's
largely the same compared to the 14 but
we don't get that media touchpad and we
also don't get a keyboard that I enjoy
uh if we look at this right here we have
a nice large keyboard and we do have a
numpad some people love that but the
chassis in it becoming a bit larger has
become pretty soft right here and uh you
can really tell so the keys on the left
side pretty good keys on the right side
pretty good and the keys in the middle
here right where your right hand is are
uh not nearly as good they're very mushy
cuz the whole chassis is flexing we
won't dwell on the Swift go 16 too long
then because instead I want to talk
about the spicy Swift this right here is
the Swift x14 and this thing is the very
fancy one the keyboard is a definite
improvement from the other ones that we
have seen and although I don't think it
gets into the A's I'm going to give it a
B+ plus cuz I actually am kind of an oh
no I think it gets an A minus this is
actually quite a well-built machine and
the internals are even more better this
thing has up to an RTX
4070 in a laptop of this size so that
right there would have 60 watts plus 15
watts Dynamic boost just for the GPU and
the display options on this are awesome
with having up to a 2.8k OLED at 120 HZ
and this has that variable refresh rate
technology so it can go down to 48 HZ in
order to save you a little bit of
battery we also have up to an Intel Core
Ultra 9
185h so this thing right here even
though it's only 3.42 lbs is actually
going to be able to do some very serious
work or even gaming quite serious gaming
I would say IO once again absolutely
fantastic very similar to the Swift go4
love to see all of this and if you're
looking for something like this with its
starting price of
$1,400 which of course doesn't get you
all of this it's like a 4050 but it
still is very very compelling moving
over to the gaming side of things Acer
has released their new predicator Helios
neol line now it is quite similar to the
Helios line that they had before but
Acer have been really smart about the
ways that they have costed down the
Helios line because honestly I don't
think you're going to care about the
stuff that you're losing too much so
we're getting Zone RGB we have four
zones instead of the per key RGB that we
have on the full-fledged Helios but uh
whatever you don't get this little RGB
Predator logo right here I'm sure you're
very torn up about that just like this
RGB light bar on the back oh no you
don't get it that's going to really
affect your gaming performance I imagine
also uh you have less configurability
about the RGB on the Predator logo on
the back if you look right here this one
right here is like a little bit nicer
but the stuff that actually matters
performance has remained unchanged so if
we look right here they heat pipes this
is not new for this year but it is
pretty cool to see that on the older
models they have these rounded heat
pipes like you see on pretty much every
single laptop which work well enough but
what they have on their Helios line are
these Square heat pipes so you can see
just how much more surface area you're
going to have hitting the hot spots of
your computer and just getting that heat
out of there by having this Square heat
pipe design instead of just just losing
all of that area to the little rounded
edges on the side as for the specs and
pricing the Neo 16 starts at $14.99 the
Helios 16 is
$18.99 Neo 18549 and the Helios 18
$2000 as for the exact specs I would say
that you're going to have to just kind
of look at what each one is able to do
at each price because there's just such
a large range from a 4050 to a 4090 and
mini LED IPS panels you're just going to
have to look at each one when they
actually release it in April at the
start I said we had a monitor and oh my
God Acer has deliver this right here is
the Predator Z series z57 and it is a
57in dud panel that's dual Ultra HD this
thing right here is like they took two
4K 32in panels and just crammed them
together and then gave gave it a big old
curve and oh my God like it's actually
crazy when you just step up to this and
you're right here pretty much your
entire field of view is occupied by this
thing and holy crap does this look good
it's one of the most immersive gaming
experiences that I have seen and I have
seen quite a few in my days the amount
that I want to hook this thing up to
like a big old racing Sim holy crap that
would be amazing as for other specs 120
HZ refesh fresh rate 1 millisecond
response time 1,000 nits Peak brightness
so this right here has vesa 1,000 HDR
support and holy crap I am just going to
have a bit of a look at this again and
maybe even a bit of a game oh driving
simulator time here we
go holy crap this thing is
cool yeah this would be so good for
iRacing oh my God just like it would be
really good if you hit like get
subscribed and just have have a great
old day see you later at the next booth